---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lambda_instance Resource - terraform-provider-lambda"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Instance Resource
---

# lambda_instance (Resource)

Instance Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_type_name` (String) Name of an instance type.
- `region_name` (String) Short name of the reguin in which to laucn the instance.
- `ssh_key_names` (List of String) Names of the SSH keys allowed to access the instance

### Optional

- `file_system_names` (List of String) Names of the file systems, if any, attached to the instance
- `name` (String) User-provided name for the instance
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the instance to finish booting.

### Read-Only

- `hostname` (String) Hostname assigned to this instance, which resolves to the instance's IP.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the instance
- `instance_type` (Attributes) Hardware configuration and pricing of an instance type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_type))
- `ip` (String) IPv4 address of the instance
- `is_reserved` (Boolean) Whether the instance is reserved.
- `jupyter_token` (String) Secret token used to log into the jupyter lab server hosted on the instance.
- `jupyter_url` (String) URL that opens a jupyter lab notebook on the instance.
- `private_ip` (String) Private IPv4 address of the instance
- `region` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--region))
- `status` (String) The current status of the instance

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--instance_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_type`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Long name of the instance type
- `gpu_description` (String) Description of the GPU(s) in the instance type
- `name` (String) Name of an instance type
- `price_cents_per_hour` (Number) Price of the instance type, in US cents per hour
- `specs` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_type--specs))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_type--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_type.specs`

Read-Only:

- `gpus` (Number) Number of GPUs
- `memory_gib` (Number) Amount of RAM, in gibibytes (GiB)
- `storage_gib` (Number) Amount of storage, in gibibytes (GiB).
- `vcpus` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs



<a id="nestedatt--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `region`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Long name of a region
- `name` (String) Short name of a region
